Chrissy Teigen (31), manekenka i supruga pjevača Johna Legenda (38), poznata je po svojoj otvorenosti i spremnosti da sa svima podijeli najpikantnije detalje iz svojeg života. Readddddy. #metball A post shared by chrissy teigen (@chrissyteigen) on May 1, 2017 at 3:21pm PDT Nakon priznanja da se borila sa postporođajnom depresijom te pokazivanja strija, lijepa brineta je otišla korak dalje te u intervjuu za jedan američki časopis iskreno progovorila o svojim odlascima plastičnom kirurgu, što je šokiralo njezine fanove diljem svijeta. Not today, Satan! A post shared by chrissy teigen (@chrissyteigen) on Apr 26, 2017 at 4:42am PDT - Sve je na meni je lažno, osim mojih jagodica i obraza - rekla je i rukom pokazala na čelo, nos i usne koje su djelo vrijednih ruku plastičnih kirurga. Happy first birthday Lu!!!! My lovebug. You are all the best parts of the both of us and I cannot believe how much has happened in you first 12 months of life. We love you to the luna and back. Thank you @Yopeteryang for taking these awesome photos and the lip sync battle team for such a nice surprise!!! ❤️❤️❤️ A post shared by chrissy teigen (@chrissyteigen) on Apr 14, 2017 at 10:04am PDT Chrissy je istaknula da joj nije problem pričati o tim stvarima te da se apsolutno ne kaje što se odlučila za ovaj način uljepšavanja. Kao najčudnije iskustvo u ovom procesu, navela je isisavanje masnih naslaga iz jednog dijela tijela koje je izazvalo najviše zgražavanja.  Last day. My love. A post shared by chrissy teigen (@chrissyteigen) on Mar 22, 2017 at 9:52am PDT - Radila sam liposukciju pazuha - iskrena je manekenka. I'll just say it: I have post partum depression. So much love to @glamourmag for letting me share something that was eating me up inside for months and months. One of the most amazing things about social media is the ability to interact candidly with friends and fans and it felt so weird knowing what I was going through but not really feeling like it was the right place to speak on it. I've always felt genuinely close to all of you and I'm insanely relieved you now know something that has been such a huge part of me for so long. My full essay is on the @glamourmag bio. ❤ A post shared by chrissy teigen (@chrissyteigen) on Mar 6, 2017 at 9:24am PST 