Američki glumac Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson je izjavio kako vjeruje da će obitelj Robina Williamsa 'biti ponosna' na njegovu ulogu u nadolazećem rebootu 'Jumanjija'. Konkretno, The Rock je na svojem profilu na Instagramu dramatično izjavio da daje svoju riječ kako će odati počast tragično preminulom glumcu i njegovom liku Alana Parrisha koje planira 'zauvijek učiniti besmrtnima u Jumanji svijetu na iskren, ozbiljan i kul način.' And the #JUMANJI magic begins. Excellent meeting with our director Jake Kasdan, producer Matt Tolmach, and our @SevenBucksProd team to work on our new re-imagining of this amazing story. I felt like in order to craft something cool we should begin where it all started. Award winning writer Chris Van Allsburg's source material of JUMANJI. Chris also wrote THE POLAR EXPRESS (later adapted by Robert Zemeckis and Tom Hanks) and has a very special & magical way of storytelling. I'm feelin' good and confident stepping into these shoes as a producer as well as actor to bring you something great that you and your entire fam can enjoy. An important thing that I want to be honest and bring up is Robin Williams. The love and respect I have for this man is boundless. You have my word, we will honor his name and the character of "Alan Parrish" will stand alone and be forever immortalized in the world of JUMANJI in an earnest and cool way. I have an idea of what to do and I think his family will be proud. I also think Robin is somewhere lookin' down and laughing, remembering the first time we met backstage and I (for the first time ever) was a star struck bumbling idiot that couldn't even get my words out. Idiot. He literally calmed me down w/ that smile and laugh. But that's for another fun story down the road. We got a great team assembled already over at our home base of SONY and now we build from here. Here's another fun part... in the original movie there were three big roles. In our new story there's now FIVE. Been so damn cool to see all my actor buddies push their projects aside so hopefully they can come play in our world. Should have cool casting announcements this week. Will keep you posted. #TheMagicBegins #JustPressStart #JUMANJI A photo posted by therock (@therock) on May 9, 2016 at 10:23am PDT Nadalje, Johnson je rekao kako će novi 'Jumanji' kojeg režira Jake Kasdan biti 'nova prerada ove nevjerojatne priče' koja će se pobliže dotaknuti predloška kojeg je 1981. napisao i ilustrirao Chris Van Allsburg. Reboot 'Jumanjija' imat će pet glavnih uloga, dvije više od originalnog filma iz 1995. The Rock je za sada jedini poznati član glumačke postave nadolazećeg filma, a po Hollywoodu se šuška da bi mu se uskoro mogao pridružiti i Kevin Hart. U svakom slučaju, više informacija o nadolazećem rebootu 'Jumanjija' saznat ćemo uskoro, nakon što isti počne sa snimanjem, dok bi gotov film trebao debitirati u našim kinima krajem srpnja sljedeće godine. Izvor: adria.ign.com Tema: FILM 