Iako je projektima zauzet do 2019. godine i premda je preuzeo ulogu negativca u filmu 'Shazam', Black Adama, Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson je istinski osoba koja ne miruje. Na svojem službenom Instagramu glumac je objavio ovaj post u kojem opisuje kako je prihvatio ulogu prvog superheroja, 'Doca Savagea', nastalog daleko prije danas popularnih Supermana, Batmana ili likova iz serijala o X-Menima ili Avengersima. Tako je potvrdio nešto o čemu smo već spekulirali. It's OFFICIAL: For all comic book fans you already know the world's first superhero (pre-dating Superman) is the "Man of Bronze" himself Clark "Doc" Savage. Want to thank my bud director/writer Shane Black and his writing team Anthony Bagarozzi and Chuck Mondry for flying in from LA and sitting with me and our @sevenbucksprod's producer @hhgarcia41 on this Memorial Day weekend to chop up creative and break story on this very cool project. Comic book fans around the world know that the cool thing about "Doc" Savage is that he's the inspiration for Superman. First name Clark, called "Man of Bronze", retreats to his "Fortress of Solitude" in the Arctic etc etc. Doc was physically and mentally trained from birth by his father and a team of scientists to become the perfect human specimen with a genius level intellect. His heightened senses are beyond comprehension. He can even identify a women's perfume from half a mile away. He is literally the master of everything. But here's the #1 reason I'm excited to become Doc Savage.. HE'S A F*CKING HILARIOUS WEIRDO! Confidently, yet innocently he has zero social graces whatsoever due to his upbringing so every interaction he has with someone is direct, odd, often uncomfortable and amazingly hilarious. After speaking for hours w/ Shane Black I can see why the creator of Superman took only the best parts of Doc Savage and leaving the "weirdo" part behind. But to us, it's that "weirdo" part that makes Clark "Doc" Savage dope! Can't wait to sink my teeth into this one of a kind character. #ItsOfficial #WorldsFirstSuperhero #GeniusIntellect #PhysicalSpecimen #FnLoveableWeirdo #ManOfBronze #DocSavage A photo posted by therock (@therock) on May 30, 2016 at 5:53am PDT Datum izlaska filma još uvijek nije objavljen, kao niti naslov. Dwayne Johnson trenutačno se bavi 'Spasilačkom službom', dok je redatelj Shane Black zaposlen svojim narednim filmom, o Predatoru. Tema: FILM 